hi everyone welcome back to another
episode of honeysuckle catering today
we're going to be making Korean food and
I'm going to be showing you how to make
a really popular dish bulgogi after
Vietnamese food of course Korean food is
my favorite cuisine it's so comforting
spicy it's so flavorful Korean food is a
great social food to be shared with
friends and family you're my family
so let's get started so we can eat
you're going to need 1/4 cup of soy
sauce 2 tablespoons of sesame oil a
tablespoon of brown sugar 2 tablespoons
of honey a tablespoon of sesame seed a
quarter teaspoon of red chili pepper
flakes also called go-to guru 3 cloves
of garlic 2 stalks of green onion a
pound of sliced beef and half of a whole
yellow onion in a large bowl combine
your soy sauce sesame oil brown sugar
honey and red chili pepper flakes mix
them well
[Music]
now take your three cloves of garlic
mince them well and add them to the bowl
now cut your yellow onion lengthwise and
set aside now take your green onions and
slice them I actually have a really cool
tool that'll shred them easily and make
them look really pretty
set aside a little bit of the green
onions for garnish later and then add in
the rest of the onions and your beef
into the soy sauce mixture finally add
in the sesame seeds and mix everything
well with your hands this is your easy
marinade and we're gonna pop it in the
fridge for about an hour - I'd say five
hours for the beef to soak up the
flavors once your beef is done
marinating take it out of the fridge
take a heavy skillet put it on the stove
add some oil and turn the heat up to
medium-high you want to cook your beef
in batches so that it gives a nice chart
if you cook too much it's going to end
up seeming the beef and it's not going
to be very good
[Music]
and there you have it delicious bulgogi
with the green onions that we set aside
earlier top it to garnish it slow so
good I love having it with rice thanks
for watching another episode of
honeysuckle catering I want to know have
you tried making Korean barbecue and do
you have a special way of making it
comment below and if you want to see
more videos in episode please subscribe
above and visit my Facebook page for
more daily updates and I'll see you soon
bye
[Music]
delicious